![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/gno/sprites/nav-
sprite-global_bluebeacon-V3-1x_optimized._CB483188077_.png) = t) { if(typeof P
!== 'undefined'){ P.trigger(stage); }else{ amznJQ.completedStage(stage); } } }
}

![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/common
/transparent-pixel._CB386942464_.gif) ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/common/transparent-pixel._CB386942464_.gif)

* * *

__

Go

__

Go

‹ [ All Help Topics ](/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508510)

#  Privacy Policy

**Updated: May 2018**

Futureplay Oy (‘ **Futureplay** , ‘ **we** ’, ‘ **us** ’) cares about your
privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect, process
and protect your personal data in all our operations, as well as your rights
regarding such data.

We only collect and process personal data to such an extent that is necessary
for our business operations and for providing and developing our mobile game
applications and websites (our ‘ **Services** ’).

We use your data to provide our Services, to communicate with you, to provide
customer support and for game development purposes. This helps us to
understand our customers better and to create better experiences for you in
the future. We also send some of your data to third parties when you choose to
watch an advert in our games. These third parties may use it for marketing
purposes, including targeted advertising. Working with advertising networks in
this manner allows us to continue to offer our games to you free of charge.

Typically, we collect your data when you first use our Services (i.e. when you
install a mobile game application); when you play the game (e.g. in-game event
analytics and personalised gameplay experiences); and when you interact
directly with us (e.g. customer service correspondence).

From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the
way we handle data. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
latest information on our privacy practices.

Our personal data processing operations are based on the relevant national and
international regulations, adhering to the rules and principles of the
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you do not agree with
this Privacy Policy, we recommend you refrain from using our Services.

If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or practices,
please contact us at [ privacy@futureplaygames.com
](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com) .

##  Contents

  1. What personal data do we collect, and why do we collect it? 
    1. Service Provision 
    2. Game Development and Optimisation 
    3. Fraud Prevention 
    4. Marketing 
      1. Third Parties 
        1. Resetting your device identifier for advertisers (IDFA) 
      2. Own Marketing 
    5. Customer Communications 
    6. Recruitment 
  2. Removing the data we hold for you 
  3. Transfer of data 
  4. Data Security 
  5. Rights 
    1. The right of access and right to rectification 
    2. The right to restrict or object processing 
    3. The right to be forgotten 
    4. The right to transfer data from one system to another 
    5. The right to complain 
  6. Our policy regarding children 
  7. Data retention 
  8. Contact information 

##  What personal data do we collect, and why do we collect it?

###  Service Provision

  * your IDFV (device identifier for vendors). This is an internal identification used to save game progress, and it allows us to run the game effectively. This identifier is not shared with third parties, and can not be attributed to you outside of Futureplay. 
  * your IDFA (device identifier for advertisers). This can be matched to you, and is used for marketing. It is shared with third parties who may use it for personalised marketing. Allowing third parties to advertise in our games allows us to offer our Services to you for free. 

You can reset your IDFA in your mobile device’s Settings or by following the
instructions in  **Marketing - > Third Parties -> Resetting your IDFA. **
Resetting your IDFA erases all data previously associated with it, meaning you
will no longer receive personalised adverts.

We collect the above information based upon your agreement with our [ Terms of
Service ](http://www.futureplaygames.com/termsofservice.html) , and it ensures
we can effectively provide our Services to you.

###

###  Game development and optimisation

Our passion is to create awesome mobile games that you can enjoy for many
years to come. In order to continue improving the games we make, we collect
analytics regarding the actions you take in the game.

We collect your device ID, device information and geolocation. This is used
for in-game matchmaking, optimising the game to your device specifications and
understanding how our players interact with the game so we can continuously
improve it and adjust the game to your playing style. It also helps us
troubleshoot any potential problems and deal with your queries efficiently, as
discussed below in  **Customer Communications.**

If you wish, you can also choose to connect to Facebook when you use our
games. By connecting to Facebook in the game you will be agreeing to their
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. When you connect to Facebook, we
receive information such as your public profile, friends list and profile
picture. We use this information to display your profile in the game and
facilitate features such as gift sending and receiving. You can disconnect
your Facebook account at any time [ here.
](https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications)

###

###  Fraud Prevention

It’s important to us to provide a safe, reliable and trustworthy service. We
use a third-party fraud prevention tool called AppsFlyer (a mobile marketing
platform), which attributes mobile game application installs to unique devices
to prevent fraudulent use of our Services. To provide its service effectively,
AppsFlyer processes your IDFA, device specs and geolocation information when
you first use our Services.

###

###  Marketing

####

####  Third Parties

Our Services use built-in advertising run by third-party advertising networks
that you can choose to initiate to enhance the in-game experience. Such
advertisements allow us to offer you our Services for free.

When you view an advert in the game, the advertising network receives and
processes your unique Identification for Advertising (IDFA). Advertising
networks use this to send you advertising. You can reset and/or disable your
IDFA at any time by following the instructions below in  **Resetting your
IDFA** .

Advertising networks handle your IDFA in accordance with their respective
privacy policies, which you can consult on their website. A list of the the
advertising networks we typically work with is below. From time to time we may
change the advertising networks we work with without updating our Privacy
Policy. For a fully updated list, please email [ privacy@futureplaygames.com.
](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com)

  * AppLovin 
  * Apple Search Ads 
  * Chartboost 
  * Facebook Audience Network 
  * Ironsource 
  * Snapchat 
  * Vungle 
  * Unity Ads 
  * Cross Install 

To learn more about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third
parties from delivering you tailored advertising, consult the following links:

[ Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page.
](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/) [ Opt-out Page for US-based
advertising ](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/) [ Your Online Choices UK
Website for EU-based Advertising. ](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-
ad-choices)

(These tools are not provided by Futureplay, and we do not control or operate
the tools themselves or the choices that advertisers and others provide
through these tools.)

#####

#####  Resetting your IDFA

Resetting your IDFA erases all data previously associated with it, meaning you
will no longer receive personalised adverts.

######

######  Android

  * Open Google Settings 
  * Go to 'Ads' 
  * Tap on 'Reset Advertising ID' 
  * Confirm the reset 

You can also choose not to receive personalised advertising by opting-out of
interest-based ads. Just toggle off the ‘Opt-out of interest-based ads’
option.

######

######  iOS

  * Open Settings 
  * Go to 'Privacy' 
  * Tap on 'Advertising' 
  * Choose 'Reset Advertising Identifier' 

You can also choose not to receive personalised advertising by opting-out of
interest-based ads. Just toggle the ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ option on.

####

####  Own Marketing

We see the personal information your share with social networks (SNs) like
Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn when you interact with us on such
channels. From time to time we run competitions on SNs, and when you enter
competitions we may interact with you directly. If you win a competition, we
will contact you via the appropriate SN to inform you that you have won and
send you your prize. We do not collect, hold or retain any of this data.

To better understand how you use our websites (listed below), we collect
cookies via third parties like Google Analytics. Cookies are small amounts of
data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. They helps us to
understand how people use the website. You can clear your browser cookies at
any time in your web browser’s Settings menu.

The websites that comprise part of our service are:

[ Futureplay Games website ](http://www.futureplaygames.com/) [ Farm Away
website ](http://www.farmawaygame.com/) [ Build Away website
](http://www.buildawaygame.com/) [ Futureplay Helpdesk
](https://futureplaygames.zendesk.com/hc/en-us)

#####

###  Customer communications

We see your email address when you contact our customer service team on [
support@futureplaygames.com ](mailto:support@futureplaygames.com) , and we may
reply to that email address to contact you about in relation to the question
asked.

We use Third Party tools called Sprout Social and Zendesk to handle our email
and social media correspondence. Any correspondence you send to us via email,
Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn or Twtter will be shared with Sprout Social and
Zendesk (as data processors) and replied to through the customer relationship
management systems they provide. You should consult their respective Privacy
Policies if you have any queries relating to the ways in which they handle
your data.

#####

###  Recruitment

If you wish to submit a resume, we may use the information provided to contact
you regarding setting up an interview or to determine if you are qualified for
the position to which you applied.

If you have sent an open application we may ask for your permission to hold
your information for the foreseeable future, so that we can contact you should
such a position become available.

##

##  Removing the data we hold for you

You have the right to be forgotten and can request your data to be permanently
removed at any time. Once your data is removed you will lose all of your
progress in our games, including access in-game purchases you may have made.
If you would like your data to be removed please send an email to [
privacy@futureplaygames.com ](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com) with the
following information for each game you have played:

**Idle Farming Empire/Idle City Empire**

  * Player ID 
  * If you have logged in to Facebook please also send us your Facebook Account ID 

**Idle Crafting Empire/Idle Tuber Empire**

  * Player ID 

You can find your player ID in the Settings menu of our games. To find your
Game Specific Facebook User ID follow the steps outlined [ here.
](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome)

##

##  Transfer of data

We use service providers in our processing activities who process data on our
behalf. For example, we use service providers (advertisement networks), fraud
prevention partners (attribution networks), data visualisation tools (e.g.
Looker, AppFigures) and data collection partners (e.g. Libring, Firebase).
These networks and tools help us to keep your data secure and help us to
optimise and improve our Services to deliver you better experiences.

We transfer the data we collect to servers in the United States, namely Google
Cloud services (such as BigQuery and Firebase) and Amazon Web Services. Amazon
Web Services is certified to operate under the EU-US Privacy Shield, and the
European Union’s data protection authorities have concluded that the model
contract clauses of Google Cloud’s services meet EU regulatory expectations.
You can learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield [ here
](https://www.facebook.com/help/1397933243846983?helpref=search&query=User%20ID&sr=2&ref=contextual)
.

The third parties we work with only have the right to process your personal
data to the extent necessary for carrying out the agreed services. This means
that the third party subcontractors cannot use your personal data for their
own purposes. Any service provider we use is under contractual obligation to
ensure data protection in all processing of your personal data.

If you would to know more specific information about the third parties we work
with and how they use your data, email us at [ privacy@futureplaygames.com
](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com)

##

##  Data Security

We have taken technical and organisational measures for protecting your
personal data from loss, misuse or other similar unlawful access. These
methods include, among others, use of firewalls, encryption and safe server
premises.

Access to your personal data is restricted internally through access control,
as well as through granting and controlling access rights. Your personal data
will be processed only by such employees who have the right to do so within
the scope their duties. When we send your data to third parties, they only
process your data in accordance with their scope of work as set out in our
agreements with such third parties.

##

##  Rights

You have the right to review the data we have collected and influence the way
we use it. In certain cases you have the right to erasure or to ask for your
data to be transferred to another controller. Your rights are as follows:

###

###  The right of access and right to rectification

You have the right to access the personal data we have collected about you at
any time, or receive confirmation that we do not have any personal data about
you in our filing systems. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete,
you have the right to make a request for rectification or completion of your
personal data.

###

###

###  The right to restrict or object processing

In certain circumstances, for example if your personal data is inaccurate, you
have the right to restrict its processing until we have verified the accuracy
of your personal data. Further, in certain situations you also have the right
to object to the processing of your personal data completely. You can for
example object the processing for direct marketing purposes at any time
(including profiling).

###

###

###  The right to be forgotten

In some cases you have the right to be forgotten. We will erase all personal
data we have collected if it is no longer needed for the purposes it was
originally collected for. We will also erase personal data if the processing
was based on consent and you decide to withdraw your consent or restrict the
processing, or if there is no other reason nor grounds for the processing.

###

###

###  The right to transfer data from one system to another

You have the right to request the transfer your personal data. This is
possible only in such cases when we process your personal data based on your
consent or agreement, and applies only to such personal data you have provided
us yourself.

We will provide your personal data in machine-readable format so that you can
store it yourself or transfer it to another controller (e.g. another service
provider). Upon your request, we will transfer the data to another controller
directly if it is technically feasible.

###

###

###  The right to complain

In addition to the above-mentioned rights, you have the right to make a
complaint about your personal data processing to the supervisory authority.

You also have the right to inspect your personal data. In order to do this,
you should write to us at [ privacy@futureplaygames.com
](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com) with your Player ID (which you can find
in the Settings menu of the game you’re playing). Should you have questions
about your rights, please contact us at the above email address.

##

##  Our policy regarding children

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under
the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are
under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including
your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age
of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we
have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete
that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any
information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at [
privacy@futureplaygames.com ](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com) .

##

##  Data retention

We will retain your personal data as long as is needed for the purpose it was
originally collected for; as long as we are legally obligated; or until we
receive a request for erasure. That means that we’ll hold your data for the
entire life cycle of the respective mobile game application you’ve used as
part of our Services. After this point, your personal data will either be
erased completely or made anonymous by modifying them irreversibly.

###

##  Contact information

Email: [ privacy@futureplaygames.com ](mailto:privacy@futureplaygames.com)

Futureplay Oy  
Kalevantu 34A, 00180 Helsinki  
Finland

Business ID: 2678269-6

![](/images/logo.png)

Kalevankatu 34 A 10 00180 Helsinki [ contact@futureplaygames.com
](mailto:contact@futureplaygames.com) [ __
](https://www.facebook.com/futureplaygames) [ __
](https://twitter.com/futureplaygames) [ __
](https://linkedin.com/futureplaygames)

[ Privacy Policy ](/privacypolicy.html) [ Terms of Service
](/termsofservice.html)

